Clarify access permissions for Fusion upgrade workflows (#8401)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md

  <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/choosing-dbt-version/fusion-migration-permissions.png" width="60%" title="Limit access to the Fusion upgrade workflows."/>

This hides the <Constant name="fusion" /> upgrade workflow from users who don't have the `Fusion admin` permission set, including the highest levels of admin access. To grant access to the upgrade workflows to specific projects and/or specific users:

> 1. Navigate to an existing group in your **Account settings** and click **Edit** OR [Create a New Group](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#create-new-groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to an existing group in your **Account settings** and click **Edit**, or click [**Create group**](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#create-new-groups) to create a new one.
```
